Privacy Policy for SpeakUp Text-to-Speech App

Last updated: February 4, 2024

SpeakUp, respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our SpeakUp Text-to-Speech mobile application. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not access the App.

We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the "Last updated" date of this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the App after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.

Information We Collect

We do not collect any personal information about you when you use the App.

How We Use Your Information

Since we do not collect any personal information, we do not use or share your information in any way.

Third-Party Access to Your Information

We do not share your information with third parties.

Security of Your Information

We take the security of your personal information very seriously. However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the personal information we have collected from you.

Children's Privacy

The App is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take necessary action.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at jcari6212@gmail.com

By using the App, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the App. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
